♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hat
Pirates reach the New World
and land on Punk Hazard.
After they discover that
the Master of the island,
Caesar Clown, has been
performing terrible experiments,
they set off to confront him.
Huh?
Work with you?
I've got a plan to
take down an Emperor.
[LUFFY] "Formed! Luffy and
Law's Pirate Alliance!"
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
So let me get this straight.
We meet by chance
on this crazy island
and you ask us if we
want to fight an Emperor
out of the blue?
Look, I don't know what
this sleazeball is after,
but I don't trust him!
He's up to no good, Luffy!
[LAW] I'm not saying killing off
an Emperor will be easy.
I just think our
odds will be better
if we work together and
plan everything step-by-step.
What do ya say?
This is your big chance.
Well, there's four
of 'em, right?
So which one is it?
"Which one is it"?
Don't tell me you're
thinking about it!
We can't team up with him!
[LAW]
The name of our target...
[inaudible]
Right, got it.
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
Huh?
Sure. We're in!
Huh? Luffy!
[USOPP, CHOPPER (SANJI)] What?!
Team up with the Heart Pirates?!
What's the matter with you?!
Dammit, Luffy, how did you
manage to go completely insane
in the time you were
out saving Nami?
I mean, you weren't
even gone for that long!
Calm down.
This psycho already
scared the crap out of me,
now we have to
trust him with our lives?
Now how'm I s'posed to sleep
at night with him around?
I told you, Luffy.
Let's just forget it.
It's risky.
That's why nobody
is on board with it!
It's better for us to do
things at our own pace!
She's right. Besides,
it's way too early
to think about challenging
the Four Emperors.
We're just not ready yet!
Hey, doc. Fix this raccoon.
Raccoons aren't
important right now!
[CHOPPER (SANJI) screams]
That's me!
S-Super...
[crying] What did you do to me?
[CHOPPER (SANJI) crying]
Luffy. I will go along with
this, but we are all pirates.
And where you have
pirates, well,
you're sure to have betrayal.
I'm just concerned because
you're so quick to trust.
Hey. Are you gonna betray me?
No.
The rest of us are gonna
need more than that!
Oh, come on.
A pirate alliance sounds
like a lot of fun, right?
My gut says Traffy's
an okay guy.
But even if he's not,
what's the big deal?
You guys were training
for the past two years.
I'll let you
protect me! [laughs]
[ALL]
Huh?!
Are you kidding me?
Aw, thank you, Luffy!
Look, now I'm blushing!
Thanks a lot, buddy.
I'm super flattered!
I promise, we won't
let you down!
We're only awesome
because it's our job!
There's no need to
butter us up, you know!
Yeah, don't worry, Luffy!
Whatever happens,
we've got your back!
And hey, even if these
other wimps chicken out,
you've always got me.
I knew I could
count on you! [laughs]
[OTHERS laughing]
[LUFFY]
This is gonna be fun!
[LAW]
Room.
And Shambles.
Ahh! It's about time!
Man, it's good to be
back in my own body!
There's nobody else I'd
rather be than me! [chuckles]
Super!
So you're back. That's great.
But don't ever take possession
of Chopper's body again. Ever.
I'm back, but I'm not happy.
My body's all busted up now!
Would it have
killed you big jerks
to be a little more
careful with it?
[LUFFY, FRANKY sigh]
I'm sorry. It was
--all Franky's fault.
--all Luffy's fault.
It was my fault?
You're the one who turned into
a monster and flipped out!
All I did was stop you!
With that same overpowered move
you used to beat that Kraken!
That was overkill!
Fine, you're both jerks!
[LUFFY, FRANKY]
Yeah. Sorry, Chopper.
[NAMI (SANJI)] Well, at least
you got your own bodies back.
Why am I the only person
without my own body?
First I was Franky,
now I'm Sanji...
[LUFFY laughs]
It's even funnier this way!
[CHOPPER laughs]
Looking good, Nami! [laughs]
Wow, I'm glad
you're enjoying it!
Stop laughing!
But it had to be you!
Chopper and Franky were
both in the same place
when our scary new friend
switched everyone back.
But since Sanji took
your body with him
when he went looking
for the samurai,
your heart had
nowhere else to go.
So, if you're gonna be mad at
someone, it should be Sanji!
You can fix it, can't you?
Not until your body comes back.
[NAMI (SANJI) gasps]
[LAW]
So they're all here.
[LUFFY] Mm-hm. And we
gotta help 'em. Somehow.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
They'll never leave because
I've been giving them
drugged candies.
[LAW]
Let's just forget about them.
Too much work.
All of 'em are
addicted to drugs.
[CHOPPER] Yeah, we know that!
I tested them! Poor kids.
I want to take them
all back home,
but they need to recover
and build up their strength.
I don't know if we can do
anything about their size.
It's sad. Who would do this
to a bunch of little kids?
Well, the World Government,
for one.
For hundreds of years now,
they've been
conducting experiments
to try and turn
people into giants.
The Government?
But why would they do
something like that?
If I had to take a guess,
then I'd say it's to create
unlimited giant soldiers.
It's hard to beat
an army like that.
[NAMI (SANJI) gasps]
[LAW] Caesar's probably hoping
to figure out how to do it first
so he can beat Vegapunk and
the Government to the punch.
But I don't think
it's that simple.
You sure you want to help them?
I mean, you don't even know
who these kids are, do ya?
We don't. You're right,
they may be strangers to me,
but they looked at me with tears
in their eyes, begging for help.
The Master was
able to trick them
into coming to this terrible
place, but once they got here,
it didn't take too
long for them to realize
that something wasn't right.
I'm going to make sure
every single one of them
is safe and sound,
and I won't leave
this island until I do!
If I leave with Luffy,
are you gonna stay here alone?
Wait, I'm not goin' anywhere.
If this is important to Nami and
Chopper, then I'll stay, too.
And Sanji wants to put
that samurai back together.
Look, if you're
gonna work with us,
then get used to helping people!
[USOPP sighs]
You have no idea what you're
getting into here, pal.
Here's the thing.
See, most of the time,
when you're forming an alliance,
you have a couple of groups
with a common goal
and you negotiate
the best way to get it done,
does that sound right?
Obviously.
So you'd think.
But in Luffy's world,
that logic gets thrown
out the window completely!
Just means I'm friends with you!
Frankly, you can forget about
having any say in what we do!
It's all up to him!
All up to me!
As soon as this guy makes up his
mind about something, that's it!
You're along for the ride
whether you like it or not.
If selfishness was a power,
he'd take out that
Emperor on the spot!
How do you stand me?
[gasps]
Look. I understand that
this is what your friends want,
but that doesn't
concern our plan.
Hey! Stop flicking
your boogers at me!
That's nasty!
Just wipe it off! [chuckles]
[CHOPPER] I can't move
right now, remember?
[LUFFY]
Right, sorry!
Fine. But we have to hurry up.
There's no time. Putting
the samurai back together
can be your group's problem.
But I guess I can go
investigate the drug
that was given to the children.
Now who's the ship's
doctor again?
You come with me.
We'll do research
behind Caesar's back.
[USOPP]
There, that should do it.
I'm sorry. It's just,
I can't walk right now.
I hope you don't mind.
[LUFFY laughs]
Wow, that's a lot
of hats, Traffy!
Sorry for laughing,
but I just...!
Super cute!
[ROBIN chuckles]
Careful out there, Chopper.
You can count on me!
[CENTAURS]
And, push!
[CENTAURS grunting]
[CENTAURS]
And, push!
[CENTAURS grunting]
[CENTAUR A] There we go!
We've unlocked it now!
And, push!
[CENTAURS grunting]
This is odd. I wonder
why they keep it in here?
Wait a minute.
What's that there?
[CENTAUR D] It's so dark.
I can't see a thing!
[CENTAUR D groans]
[CENTAURS gasp]
What the--?
[CENTAURS gasping]
So, you, uh,
don't talk that much.
[LAW]
As you could probably all tell
from those assassins he sent,
Caesar wants to eliminate you,
as well as White Hunter
and the G-5.
So he can take
the children back.
He's not gonna
stop pursuing you,
not until he gets
what he's after.
Before the incident four years
ago when he became a criminal,
he was a Government scientist.
Punk Hazard is
restricted territory.
If word gets out that
someone's been living here,
then Caesar will be forced
to leave his perfect hideout.
That's why he'll stop at
nothing to kill all of you.
This is a guy with
a bounty of 300 million.
Not only did he eat the
Logia-type Gas Gas Fruit,
he's also got weapons
of mass destruction.
Caesar Clown is a force
to be reckoned with.
[NAMI (SANJI)]
300 million?
Those of you who can't use Haki
should steer clear of him.
He's extremely tough.
Well, we do have
some Haki users.
There's me, Zoro, and Sanji.
Oh, and you.
Yeah, that should be enough.
I'll head over to the lab now.
Be careful out there.
Sure! So we're supposed to
kidnap this Master guy, right?
That's the quickest
way to do this?
[LAW]
Yeah, that's right.
Wait. What good will it
do us to kidnap Caesar?
Money? Well, no. That's not it.
Caesar's their boss.
That's true, there wouldn't be
anybody to pay his ransom.
What we're after
is chaos, not money.
[NAMI (SANJI), FRANKY, ROBIN]
Huh?
Chaos?
Sorry, I don't get it.
No point in explaining this now.
We can worry about what lies
ahead when the time comes.
For right now, it's better to
focus on capturing Caesar Clown.
It won't be easy.
As soon as that's done,
I'll explain the whole
plan to you in detail.
That said...
Once we get our
hands on Caesar...
[LAW] ...that's going to
set everything in motion.
So be ready.
There's no turning back.
Last chance to change your mind.
It's up to you, Straw Hat.
Oh, don't worry.
I'm still with ya!
Well, all right.
Then I'm more than willing
to cooperate with you.
You just need to make sure
your crew's on board, too.
Uh-huh! Sure thing!
[gunshots]
[MARINE A yells]
Die!
[TASHIGI (SMOKER)]
That's "Rebar" Smoothie!
And Fen Bock of the Gourd!
[TASHIGI (SMOKER)]
Rope Tugging Chappe, too!
I though so! These people.
As it turns out,
they're all former prisoners!
They just look
a little bit different now.
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)]
I think you're right.
But what's going on?
The report said
everyone was killed
during the incident
four years ago!
[CENTAURS yelling]
Smokey! Why do they
all look like that?
I don't know! Who gives
a damn what they look like,
just keep holdin'
'em back, would ya?
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)]
We can't send out a signal.
Until we get to sea!
[CENTAUR L]
Fire!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A ringing]
[SUBORDINATE A]
Master, you have a call. Sir?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Oh, let it ring.
I'm sure it's something
along the lines of,
"We opened the door and
something terrible was inside!
It's killing our
comrades left and right!
Oh, Master, please help us!"
et cetera, et cetera.
Why would I want
to listen to that?
I never imagined this
island would be graced with
so many visitors.
There's no need to collect
any more test subjects.
[SUBORDINATE A gasps]
[CENTAUR A panting]
[CENTAUR A]
Hello? Master? Master!
[CENTAUR A panting]
Please pick up, quick!
We did what you told us!
We opened up that big door
in the Burning Lands!
No good! The Master
won't answer me!
[CENTAUR E gasps]
Oh no. It's catching up to us!
What the hell? How far
can that crazy thing run?
[CENTAUR A] I don't know,
but I don't want to die
like everyone else!
[CENTAUR E]
Where to?
[CENTAUR A]
This way!
[CENTAURS panting]
[CENTAURS scream]
We're done for!
That thing's so huge,
we're never gonna get away!
[CENTAURS scream]
No, please!
Please don't kill me!
Master, why?
[CENTAURS coughing, groaning]
Oh yes, that's right.
You don't know my pet, do you?
It's a rare specimen.
Its body is made
of deadly slime.
[CENTAURS groaning]
Master...!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
It can be a bit much.
But I can't allow anyone
to leave this island!
[CENTAURS coughing]
[laughs]
How does it feel to be set
free after so long, Smiley?
[NARRATOR] As the shocking
truth behind Caesar's
chemical weapons
of mass destruction
is gradually revealed,
the Straw Hats set out to
capture the mad scientist
and put an end to his plans.
But thanks to Luffy's
course of action,
the situation takes
an unexpected turn.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Capture M! The Pirate
Alliance's Operation Launches!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!